README.md, before:

# Torre SW Engineering technical testing

This is a web development technical testing for Torre.co, it consists of building a page to list the skills of any given user. This project helps to understand my skills and strengths in the:

    - Familiarity and usage of languages and frameworks chosen
    - Project structure and architecture
    - Code readability and scalability
    - Separation of concerns
    - Quality and speed of the app
    - Usability, UI/UX
    - Attention to detail


## Contents

- [Project Description](#project-description)
- [Features](#features)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [API Reference](#api-reference)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Project Description

This technical test is a web application created with React + Vite to display any given Torre user's information, such as name, photograph, and skills, each one grouped by the user's proficiency in them, all the information is fetched from the APIs provided by Torre and then displayed in the frontend part, which is what was developed using React components.

## Features

- Header and navigation bar
- User's infgormation:
    - name
    - photograph
    - skills grouped by proficiency

## Installation

To install the project's proper dependencies and run it, you should use the following commands in your console:
- `npm install`to install the proper dependencies
- `npm run dev`to run the project in your browser

## Usage

Explain how to use the project. Provide examples, code snippets, or screenshots to demonstrate its usage. Include any important considerations or configuration options.

## API Reference

If your project includes an API, provide documentation or instructions on how to use it. Include details on endpoints, request/response formats, authentication, and any other relevant information.

## Contributing

Provide guidelines for contributing to the project. Include information on how others can contribute, such as bug reports, feature requests, or pull requests. Mention any coding conventions, development setup, or other guidelines that contributors should follow.

## License

Specify the license under which the project is distributed. For example, "MIT License" or "Apache 2.0 License". If you are using an open-source license, include the license text or provide a link to it.

## Contact

Provide your contact information or any other ways for users to reach out to you if they have questions or feedback.

Commit message:

finished the project, added new information to the README file

README.md, after:

# Torre SW Engineering technical testing

This is a web development technical testing for Torre.co, it consists of building a page to list the skills of any given user. This project helps to understand my skills and strengths in the:

    - Familiarity and usage of languages and frameworks chosen
    - Project structure and architecture
    - Code readability and scalability
    - Separation of concerns
    - Quality and speed of the app
    - Usability, UI/UX
    - Attention to detail


## Contents

- [Project Description](#project-description)
- [Features](#features)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [API Reference](#api-reference)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Project Description

This technical test is a web application created with React + Vite to display any given Torre user's information, such as name, photograph, and skills, each one grouped by the user's proficiency in them, all the information is fetched from the APIs provided by Torre and then displayed in the frontend part, which is what was developed using React components.

## Features

- Header and navigation bar
- User's infgormation:
    - name
    - photograph
    - skills grouped by proficiency

## Installation

To install the project's proper dependencies and run it, you should use the following commands in your console:
- `npm install`to install the proper dependencies
- `npm run dev`to run the project in your browser


## API Reference

These were the APIs that were used to fetch the information for this test:
- ` https://torre.bio/api/bios/$username`
- `https://torre.co/api/suite/opportunities/$id`
